Ch 1
why is not feature engineering important in DL? Could the model be improved by FE?
Is the success of DL due to solving new kinds of problem? How would we do image classification without DL?
We can train a DL model with small amounts of data if we have a pretrained DL model.
Doesn't this, that we don't know what data it was trained on, impose a risk?
Should we just be satisfied by good metrics in the evaluation even if we don't understand the model or the data is was built on?

Ch3
When do we use two-branch, multihead networks and inception blocks? Sounds like you really want to solve a problem with DL to come up with these architectures.
Overall I miss a comparison with standard ML techniques, to really benchmark DL.
Any rule of thumb, what is the minimum observation count per class when working on a multi class prediction problem?
IMDB is using 50% good and bad and use a cutoff of 10000 words.
With very few observations per class, would you use many or few layers in your network?
For Reuters dataset, with min 10 observations per class, you reach 80% accuracy. Maybe all rare classes are wrongly classified.
	

Ch4
How do you generate a training sample with added missing values? And what is best practice in .fillna() for DL?
In more traditional modelling, dealing and preparing for missing values is included in the methodology.
How good are DL models to classify unseen observations with many extreme values?
A normal decision tree have the logics to deal with this
The drop out rate is generally in the range 0.2-0.5. if 50% drop out gives good results, doesn’t that mean that the signal is very strong and/or the input values are highly correlated? To me it sounds strange to use that drop out frequency on hard problems.

Ch5.1-5.2
Is it easier to classify colour images than b/w ?
You can increase your training data by shifting images and rotating them. As convnets lear local patterns this could lead to overfitting on a particular set of images. Any rules of thumb how many times a image can be modified to increase training data?
There is (so far) always a 50/50 split when classifying two categories, is this because a 10/90 split would be biased to favour the big class? What do we do when we have a 10/90 split at hand?

